Documentation Update - NPG Lite Flasher, Chords LSL, Chords Web, NPG Lite Hardware Docs (#75)
upsidedownlabs/docs.upsidedownlabs.tech: software/chords/chords-web/index.rst

     - Save recorded channel data as a **CSV file** for further analysis, storage, or external visualization.
   * - **Live EEG Band Monitoring**
     - View real-time plots of EEG band values for better brain activity tracking.
   * - **Channel Selection**

>      - Toggle individual channels (CH1–CH3) on or off to customize which electrode inputs are displayed and recorded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Toggle individual channels (CH0–CH2) on or off to customize which electrode inputs are displayed and recorded.
```
